# 15 Puzzle

#### Video Demo:  [Youtube](https://youtu.be/kQM_6yd3I-4)

__Description__:

This is a web application. It is an attempt to recreate the 15 puzzle game. It is a very simple app with four html pages.
The first is home.html where it displays a start screen, the second is instructions.html which contain instructions for
the game, the third is game.html which contains the actual game which contains a table with the number one to fifteen along
with four buttons i.e. up, down, left, right and finally we have won.html which displays that the user has won the game. The
table is dynamically generated by a _list_ of numbers sent from the server.

The way the game works is for each different button that the user clicks, they submit a different form which also has a hidden
field. Now the server accesses this hidden field and understands what button the user has clicked on. It now modifies the data
of the _list_ accordingly therefore sending back a html page that has been modified accoringly. Now each time it checks
to see whether the modified version of the data would result in the user winning the game or not. If the data is the winning
configuration than the server displays a different html page which congratulates the user on winning the game. If not then
it displays the same page with modified data waiting for the next move of the user. I also added to back button used to
navigate back to the homepage in game.html, instructions.html and won.html.

The data is actually a __python list__ of all the numbers from one to fifteen and also contains a string of with a white space
charater in it. This white space charater is the blank space that moves around. I also cleverly made use of POST and GET methods
to reduce the number of pages so that my code looked clutter free.

I used bootstrap to style my project and also used with custom css. I used classes whenever feasible so that I am utilizing the
cascading propert of css. I used the padding feature from css to size the buttons
into the size that I thought was best. I used the margin feature to position the buttons in the center, but this made the
game look awkward in a mobile. I added some javascript to the buttons so that when they are clicked they turn green and the
text written on the button turns white from the initial black. I also added different background pictures to home.html,
instructions.html and won.html. These are pictures that I took from the web. I positioned the text in such a way that it
looks like the bakground was meant for the text.